Branch ugdg v1.4 (#225)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T10-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

#### Implementation Rationale

With considerations to how the `Event` class is implemented, some events do not have time associated to them.

> We feel that since all `Events` have a date associated through the `EventDate` class, filtering should be done primarily 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We feel that since all `Event` objects have a date associated through the `EventDate` class, filtering should be done primarily 
```
